# Online-Printing-System
This system is simple Android App based ordering system where user can upload the documents that they want to be photocopied through mobile itself mentioning all the details like colour, size, type and number of photocopies. On giving order it will be send to the selected photocopy shop. Owners have their own login website from where they will going to print according to the requirements of the customer. The shop-owner will be giving a suitable delivery date on which customer can collect their document. This system is intended mainly for any users who want their document to be photocopied but don't want to waste much time in process. It will be mainly used by students who frequently needs to have photocopy of their document. Apart from the intended audience, owing to the simplicity, it can be used by anyone else who knows how to use android mobile phone. It can be students, professors or any person. This system will be used by students who are frequently in need of printing their documents. It saves time and labour that have to put for printing the document by simply providing users with a App that can be used to select any photocopy-shop and type. Moreover shopkeepers are also benefited by this App as they can work according to their convenience by taking orders from customers. A detailed survey was done by our team on all the shops in and nearby VIT University. Along with that, the proposal has to be discussed with the shopkeepers. It will be an easier option for the shopkeepers as it will make their schedule more flexible and their working hours lesser. Also, the research included the distance of various printing and Xerox shops from VIT and their prices.
